Add statement on removal of Broyden acceleration (#285)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/couple-your-code/couple-your-code-porting-v2-3.md

  - Removed callback functions `vertexCallback` and `postAction` from `PythonAction` interface.
  - Removed timewindowsize from the `performAction` signature of `PythonAction`. The new signature is `performAction(time, data)`

> - We removed the Broyden acceleration. Use IMVJ for Broyden-like acceleration instead.

Reviewer: What does "Broyden-like" mean? Can we cite some reference here?

Reviewer 2: I extended the comment. Understandable like this?

Reviewer: yes, much better, thanks!

> - We removed the Broyden acceleration. Use IMVJ for Broyden-like acceleration instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We removed the plain `Broyden` acceleration. You could use `IQN-IMVJ` instead, which is a [multi-vector Broyden variant](http://hdl.handle.net/2117/191193).
```
